## Pages

#### GraphQL

GraphQL queries and their utilities are co-located with files that use them. Each page has a `/graphql` folder that holds both.

**Queries** are generated using a builder function that's located in a `/graphql/queries` subdirectory. They're dynamically generated to match the sort option that's currently selected.

The **utility functions** are responsible for transforming data into a format that can be used across the application. This is necessary because the Apollo codegen tool that generates types for queries will generate a unique type for each query. A number of alternative options are possible to work with this:

1.  _Do some union type magic_: This approach is complicated and messy and hard to reason with.
2.  _Create a new wrapper component for every unique query_: Obviously not scalable. This also requires multiple changes every time the backend data schema changes.
3.  _Define a custom type that's agnostic to the data schema and transform data into that type_

The third approach is the one utilized here. Types like `IJobDetails` or `IResultCardItem` only worry about the shape and information provided by the fetched data. This offers a number of benefits:

- The utility function can be written alongside the queries. This means changes are easily made to both if they are needed.
- Additional transforms or logic can be done in the utility function. As a middle-man, the utility function is a logical place to perform additional calculations on fetched data if needed.
- Components, etc can be easily made reusable. Since the fetched data is now in a type that's common between all queries, all components, etc can use data from all fetched data, as long as the shape is correct.

**Types** in the `/graphql/types` subdirectory are generated by the Apollo codegen tool for all the queries in the `/graphql` folder.

**Mocks** are also placed besides the query they are mocking. Each mock is responsible for a single query, and will return mock results that are 1. consistently the same as previous loads (using `faker`) and 2. have the same shape as what would be returned by the API. These mocks are then used by the mock API client that resolves each query to their respective mocks.

#### Copy

For maintainability, copy on pages is also kept largely separate from pages/components. It's more susceptible to change than the rest of the logic/styling, so it's good to place them in their own file (but keep them in the same directory) so changes are easier to make.
